(02-filedir.md) Clarify section on `--help` (#1355)
swcarpentry/shell-novice: _episodes/02-filedir.md

We'll describe both ways next.

> ## Help for built-in commands
>
> Some commands are built in to the Bash shell, rather than existing as separate
> programs on the filesystem. One example is the `cd` (change directory) command.
> If you get a message like `No manual entry for cd`, try `help cd` instead. The
> `help` command is how you get usage information for
> [Bash built-ins](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Bash-Builtins.html).
{: .callout}

#### The `--help` option

> Many terminal-based programs recognize a `--help` option that displays more detailed
> information about how to use it.

Reviewer: Would leave this as is, there are other shells, and this can be mentioned, but `terminal-based` program is too vague. 
```suggestion
Most bash commands and programs that people have written to be
run from within bash, support a `--help` option that displays more
information on how to use the command or program.
```

Reviewer: Consistently using capital B is good.  The lesson has been written for Bash shell, but the concepts are similar for other shells.  Testing with Z shell would be good, a pull request to update setup for Mac once this is done would be much appreciated.

Reviewer: Can also update the lesson to ensure all commands work on Bash and Zsh, but clarify that there are cases where these differ.

Note that if a directory named `Desktop` does not exist in your current working directory,
this command will return an error. Typically, a `Desktop` directory exists in your

> home directory, which we assume is the current working directory of your shell.

Reviewer: Emphasizing tutorial is for Bash is helpful, especially for those on Mac who will need to switch into Bash from Zsh.
```suggestion
home directory, which we assume is the current working directory of your bash shell.
```

Your output should be a list of all the files and sub-directories in your
Desktop directory, including the `shell-lesson-data` directory you downloaded at

> the [setup for this lesson]({{ page.root }}{% link setup.md %}). (On most systems, the
> contents of the `Desktop` directory in the shell will show up as icons on the
> workspace behind all the open windows. See if this is the case for you.)
> 
> Organizing things hierarchically in this way helps us keep track of our work. While it's
> it's possible to put hundreds of files in our home directory just as it's possible to
> pile hundreds of printed papers on our desk, it's much easier to find things when
> they've been organized into sensibly-named subdirectories.

Reviewer: This is much clearer. Thanks. Minor suggestion to emphasize GUI since it is possible to run without one
```suggestion
the [setup for this lesson]({{ page.root }}{% link setup.md %}). (On most systems, the
contents of the `Desktop` directory in the shell will show up as icons in a graphical
user interface behind all the open windows. See if this is the case for you.)

Organizing things hierarchically in this way helps us keep track of our work. While it's
it's possible to put hundreds of files in our home directory just as it's possible to
pile hundreds of printed papers on our desk, it's much easier to find things when
they've been organized into sensibly-named subdirectories.
```
